README.md, before:

emq_sn
======

MQTT-SN Gateway for The EMQ Broker

Configure Plugin
----------------

File: etc/emq_sn.conf

```erlang
mqtt.sn.port = 1884
```

## Usage

### NOTE
Topic ID is per-client, and will be cleared if client disconnected with broker or keep-alive failure is detected in broker.
Please register your topics again each time connected with broker.

### Example

examples/simple_example.erl

```erlang
%% create udp socket
{ok, Socket} = gen_udp:open(0, [binary]),

%% connect to broker
Packet = gen_connect_package(ClientId),
ok = gen_udp:send(Socket, ?HOST, ?PORT, Packet),

%% register topic_id
RegisterPacket = gen_register_package(<<"TopicA">>, 1),
ok = gen_udp:send(Socket, ?HOST, ?PORT, RegisterPacket),

%% subscribe
SubscribePacket = gen_subscribe_package(1),
ok = gen_udp:send(Socket, ?HOST, ?PORT, SubscribePacket),

%% publish
PublishPacket = gen_publish_package(1, <<"Payload...">>),
ok = gen_udp:send(Socket, ?HOST, ?PORT, PublishPacket),

%% receive message
receive
    {udp, Socket, _, _, Bin} ->
        case Bin of
            <<_Len:8, ?SN_PUBLISH, _:1, _Flag:8, TopicId:16, MsgId:16, Data/binary>> ->
                io:format("recv publish Qos: ~p, TopicId: ~p, MsgId: ~p, Data: ~p~n", [Qos, TopicId, MsgId, Data]);
            _ ->
                ok
        end
after
    1000 ->
        io:format("Error: receive timeout!~n")
end,

%% disconnect from broker
DisConnectPacket = gen_disconnect_package(),
ok = gen_udp:send(Socket, ?HOST, ?PORT, DisConnectPacket).

```

Load Plugin
-----------

```
./bin/emqttd_ctl plugins load emq_sn
```

License
-------

Apache License Version 2.0

Author
------

Feng Lee <feng@emqtt.io>

Commit message:

Seperate emq_sn with emqttd and make unit test simple and independent. So that any internal change in emqttd won't break emq_sn unit tests.

README.md, after:

emq_sn
======

MQTT-SN Gateway for The EMQ Broker

Configure Plugin
----------------

File: etc/emq_sn.conf

```
mqtt.sn.port = 1884
mqtt.sn.advertise_duration = 900
mqtt.sn.gateway_id = 1
mqtt.sn.username = mqtt_sn_user
mqtt.sn.password = abc
```

- mqtt.sn.port
  * The UDP port which emqx-sn is listening on.
- mqtt.sn.advertise_duration
  * The duration(seconds) that emqx-sn broadcast ADVERTISE message through.
- mqtt.sn.gateway_id
  * Gateway id in ADVERTISE message.
- mqtt.sn.username
  * This parameter is optional. If specified, emqx-sn will connect EMQX core with this username. It is useful if any auth plug-in is enabled.
- mqtt.sn.password
  * This parameter is optional. Pair with username above.

## Usage

### NOTE
Topic ID is per-client, and will be cleared if client disconnected with broker or keep-alive failure is detected in broker.
Please register your topics again each time connected with broker.

### Example

examples/simple_example.erl

```erlang
%% create udp socket
{ok, Socket} = gen_udp:open(0, [binary]),

%% connect to broker
Packet = gen_connect_package(ClientId),
ok = gen_udp:send(Socket, ?HOST, ?PORT, Packet),

%% register topic_id
RegisterPacket = gen_register_package(<<"TopicA">>, 1),
ok = gen_udp:send(Socket, ?HOST, ?PORT, RegisterPacket),

%% subscribe
SubscribePacket = gen_subscribe_package(1),
ok = gen_udp:send(Socket, ?HOST, ?PORT, SubscribePacket),

%% publish
PublishPacket = gen_publish_package(1, <<"Payload...">>),
ok = gen_udp:send(Socket, ?HOST, ?PORT, PublishPacket),

%% receive message
receive
    {udp, Socket, _, _, Bin} ->
        case Bin of
            <<_Len:8, ?SN_PUBLISH, _:1, _Flag:8, TopicId:16, MsgId:16, Data/binary>> ->
                io:format("recv publish Qos: ~p, TopicId: ~p, MsgId: ~p, Data: ~p~n", [Qos, TopicId, MsgId, Data]);
            _ ->
                ok
        end
after
    1000 ->
        io:format("Error: receive timeout!~n")
end,

%% disconnect from broker
DisConnectPacket = gen_disconnect_package(),
ok = gen_udp:send(Socket, ?HOST, ?PORT, DisConnectPacket).

```

Load Plugin
-----------

```
./bin/emqttd_ctl plugins load emq_sn
```

License
-------

Apache License Version 2.0

Author
------

Feng Lee <feng@emqtt.io>
